Docker example (#556)
grafana/xk6-browser: README.md

}
```

> ### Running examples in a docker container
> 
> To run examples from this directory inside a Docker container you can use `docker-compose`.

Reviewer: Just to clarify a bit:

```suggestion
### Running examples in a Docker container

The examples above are also available as standalone files in the [`examples` directory][/examples]. You can run them in a Docker container using Docker Compose with:
```

> The examples above are also available as standalone files in the [`examples` directory][/examples]. You can run them in a Docker container using Docker Compose with:

Reviewer: Wait, sorry, I messed up the Markdown link :facepalm:
```suggestion
The examples above are also available as standalone files in the [`examples` directory](/examples). You can run them in a Docker container using Docker Compose with:
```
